---
title: Mapping for Resilience
subtitle: Khulna District Bangladesh
category: Guide
layout: guide2
banner: https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/6749884/6538100/950f69da-c42b-11e4-8435-af86c87bc664.JPG
footer: https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/6749884/6560763/ec1468c8-c662-11e4-9d85-6987deb429d9.png
tips:
  - areariver
  - ditch
  - nhighway
  - rhighway
  - ponds
  - zilla
---

<div id="test" class="col-lg-5 col-sm-6">
<hr class="section-heading-spacer">
<div class="clearfix"></div>

<h2 class="section-heading">About Mapping for Resilience</h2>

<h4> Khulna, Bangladesh </h4><p>This mapping project directly supports agricultural programs in Bangladesh.</p>  <p>Data created from this mapping effort will be used by USAID and its partners who are working with rural farming villages in Bangladesh. It is intended to help communities in the Khulna District improve land management and increase agricultural production.</p><br>

<h4> Tracing Tips </h4>
<ul>
  <li> Do not trace the rice paddies. Rice paddies are the dark green areas on either side of the river with small footpaths in between.</li>
  <li> Save often when editing Coastlines and Area River features as they are continuous and appear in multiple cells across the project area. </li>
  <li> Bangladesh has a tropical wet season (monsoon) and a dry season. October through May is the dry season and May through September is monsoon season. This region accounts for nearly 80% of the annual average rainfall during the monsoon season. Agricultural land in the Khulna District of Bangladesh varies greatly depending on the season. </li>
  <li> It is helpful to use different satellite imagery sources to get an alternative perspective on land use. The NextView licensed satellite imagery was collected January 15th, 2014 by DigitalGlobe. Note: The collection date may be different from the Bing imagery.</li>
  
</ul>
</div>
<div class="col-lg-5 col-lg-offset-2 col-sm-6">
  <iframe style="margin-top:60px" src="http://www.openstreetmap.org/export/embed.html?bbox=89.3844223022461%2C22.701771555093703%2C89.67109680175781%2C22.85640378959344&amp;layer=mapnik" width="500" height="415" frameborder="0"></iframe>
</div>
